README.md, before:

# CRA Template: Simple React Portfolio Starter

Use Create React App with this template to get started on your React Portfolio project. 

Based on the [Dorota1997/react-frontend-dev-portfolio](https://github.com/Dorota1997/react-frontend-dev-portfolio) project (MIT), this portfolio is lightweight, easy to modify, and quickly useful. 

This project wraps up the portfolio as a CRA template for easy spin up, with a few minor changes for compatibility.

## Usage

To use this template, run:

> `npx create-react-app my-app --template react-portfolio`

Then, take a look at the generated code:

> `cd my-app`

And fire up your React Portfolio:

> `npm start`

## Make it your own

After creating a new app based on the template, you can modify the text, icons used, colors, and anything else you like to customize the portfolio site to your own personality. 

Follow the existing patterns in the `portfolio_shared_data.json` and the `res_primaryLanguage.json` files to populate the site with your own info. 

Then, add a second language if you like, and adjust the UI, layout, and design as desired.

Commit message:

Clarify instructions
Also: Take responsibility for this and all further modifications.

README.md, after:

# CRA Template: Simple React Portfolio Starter

Use Create React App with this template to get started on your React Portfolio project. 

Based on the [Dorota1997/react-frontend-dev-portfolio](https://github.com/Dorota1997/react-frontend-dev-portfolio) project (MIT), this portfolio is lightweight, easy to modify, and quickly useful. 

This project wraps up the portfolio as a CRA template for easy spin up, with a few minor changes for compatibility.

## Usage

To use this template, run:

> `npx create-react-app my-app --template react-portfolio`

Then, take a look at the generated code:

> `cd my-app`

And fire up your React Portfolio:

> `npm start`

## Make it your own

After creating a new app based on the template, you can modify the text, icons used, colors, and anything else you like to customize the portfolio site to your own personality. 

Follow the existing patterns in the three JSON files found in the `/public` directory to populate the site with your own info. This template supports 2 languages.

Then adjust the UI, layout, and design as desired.
